Document `IN` operator (#18610)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/functions/comparison.md

If you want to match for the chosen escape character, you simply escape itself.
For example, you can use `\\` to match for `\`.

(in-operator)=

## Row comparison: IN

The `IN` operator can be used to compare values with the following patterns:

```
... WHERE column [NOT] IN ('value1','value2');
... WHERE column [NOT] IN ( subquery )
```

> The `IN` operator can be use to fetch multiple records according to mutiple 

Reviewer: Remove this sentence or move the content up

values specified in WHERE clause. A sub-query or list of values must be specified 
in the parenthesis.

```

> SELECT * FROM region WHERE name IN ('America', 'Europe');

Reviewer 2: The actual `name` value is uppercase. Same for others. 
```suggestion
SELECT * FROM region WHERE name IN ('AMERICA', 'EUROPE');
```

```

> It is shorthand of mutiple `OR` operator. The same query can be modified to 

Reviewer: Maybe better to say
```
The values in the clause are used for multiple comparisons that are combined as a logical or. The preceding query is equivalent to the following query:
```

include a list of values seperated with `OR` operator.

```
SELECT * FROM region WHERE name = 'AMERICA' OR name = 'EUROPE';
```

> You can also negate the result by adding `NOT`, and get all other regions except the values in list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can negate the comparisons by adding `NOT`, and get all other regions except the values in list:
```

```
SELECT * FROM region WHERE name NOT IN ('AMERICA', 'EUROPE');
```

> You can also use the subquery with the IN operator that returns records from the single column. 

Reviewer: When using a subquery to determine the values to use in the comparison, the subquery must return a single column and one or more rows.

The subquery cannot include more than one column in the SELECT column list.

```
SELECT name FROM nation 
WHERE regionkey IN ( 
    SELECT regionkey 
    FROM region 

>     WHERE name IN ('AMERICA', 'EUROPE')

Reviewer: modify to use name startswith A
